chore(tools): update the BOATS description (#398)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/community/tooling.md

| Link           | Description    | Language/Kind |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |

> | [BOATS](https://www.npmjs.com/package/boats) | Compile your single AsyncAPI file from multiple yml files with BOATS and with the help of the template engine Nunjucks, plus a many extra helpers to automate much of the donkey work. The [AsyncAPI Parser](https://github.com/asyncapi/parser-js) is used to to validate the output. | CLI / Javascript |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [BOATS](https://www.npmjs.com/package/boats) | Compile your single AsyncAPI file from multiple YAML files with BOATS and with the help of the template engine Nunjucks, plus many extra helpers to automate much of the donkey work. The [AsyncAPI Parser](https://github.com/asyncapi/parser-js) is used to validate the output. | CLI / JavaScript |
```

how about we make these changes?
